---
title: "10.3.0 Downgrade"
permalink: /10.3.0-downgrade.html
---

This version of sysDowngrader (which is compatible with >9.2.0 systems) uses an unstable exploit, and because of this it may take many tries to work.
{: .notice--info}

{% capture notice-3 %}
If sysDowngrader crashes at any point during the downgrade (which can happen occasionally), you can power off the system by holding the power button. You will be left with what's called a "partial downgrade" or "partial", which is recoverable.

Although a partially downgraded system may show 10.3.0 as the system version, you are not done. You must restart from the beginning of Section II and downgrade a second time to install any files that were not installed.
{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice-3 | markdownify }}</div>

If you are are between versions 11.0.0 and 11.2.0, you MUST have [downgraded your NFIRM](nfirm-downgrade) to successfully complete this part.
{: .notice--warning}

**You MUST downgrade with the correct pack for your console/region or you will BRICK.**
{: .notice--danger}

#### What you need

* The Homebrew Launcher and an entrypoint (such as browserhax)
* The latest release of [sysDowngrader](https://github.com/Plailect/sysDowngrader/releases/latest)
* The latest release of [fasthax](https://github.com/nedwill/fasthax/releases/latest)
* The 10.3.0 downgrade pack `.zip` file for your device and region:
 +    [New 3DS 10.3.0 - KOR](magnet:?xt=urn:btih:d838b86a1d88cfece1e62932a4f741604f40ade5&dn=10.3.0-28K%28Full%29_n3DS.zip&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fzer0day.ch%3A1337%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.leechers-paradise.org%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.opentrackr.org%3A1337%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.tiny-vps.com%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fp4p.arenabg.com%3A1337%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2F9.rarbg.com%3A2710%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftorrent.gresille.org%3A80%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fexplodie.org%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fexplodie.org%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftorrent.gresille.org%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftracker.opentrackr.org%3A1337%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftracker.tfile.me%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftracker1.wasabii.com.tw%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.aletorrenty.pl%3A2710%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftracker.aletorrenty.pl%3A2710%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.yoshi210.com%3A6969%2Fannounce&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.filetracker.pl%3A8089%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Ftracker.baravik.org%3A6970%2Fannounce&tr=http%3A%2F%2Fp4p.arenabg.com%3A1337%2Fannounce)   

#### Instructions

##### Section I - Prep work

3. Copy and merge the `3ds` folder from the sysDowngrader `.zip` to the root of your SD card
4. Copy and merge the `3ds` folder from the fasthax `.zip` to the root of your SD card
4. Delete any existing `updates` folder from your SD card if there is one
5. Copy the `updates` folder from the 10.3.0 downgrade `.zip` to the root of your SD card
6. Reinsert your SD card into your 3DS

##### Section II - Downgrading

1. Get into the Homebrew Launcher
2. Launch fasthax
3. Once it's done, press (Start) to exit
2. Open sysDowngrader
5. Press (Y) to downgrade to 10.3.0
  + If it freezes while attempting svchax, power off your 3DS by holding the power button and try again (this can take many tries)
7. Wait; do not touch anything even if it appears to freeze
8. If, after around 30 seconds, it is still frozen, it is safe to power off and try again
9. If you get an error before installation, power off your 3DS by holding the power button and try again (this can take many tries)
10. If you get an error in the middle of installation, follow the instructions in the beginning for partial downgrades
11. If you freeze on the "Rebooting in 10 seconds" line for longer than 10 seconds, it is safe to power off your 3DS by holding the power button
13. Clear Home Menu's extdata by navigating to the following folder on your SD card: `/Nintendo 3DS/(32 Character ID)/(32 Character ID)/extdata/00000000/`
    + KOR Region: Delete `000000A9`
14. Reinsert your SD card into your 3DS and boot
12. If you still get a black screen after downgrading and deleting the folder, [follow this troubleshooting guide](troubleshooting#ts_sys_down)

SoundHax users will need to replace their `otherapp.bin` on the root of their SD card to match their new version.
{: .notice--primary}

Continue to [Decrypt9 (ntrcardhax)](decrypt9-(ntrcardhax))
{: .notice--primary}
